    What is C language?

    What is a pragma?

    What is the use of logical operators and the conditional operators with example?

    Define static variable?

    Is it possible to declare static variable in header file?

    What is difference between nul and null?

    What is a function and its use?

    What is recursion?

    What is hashing?

    What is null pointer?

    Define array and a simple program with array?

    What is the difference between printf() and scanf()?

    What is difference between charachter arrays and strings?

    What is the output of printf("%f") and printf("%d")?

    What is the difference between run time error and compile time error?

    What is calloc() and malloc() and its differences?

    How to reduce the final size of executable?

    What are the diffrent class storages in c?

    Is it possible to execute code even after the program exists the main() function?

    How can you determine the size allocation of memory?

    What is c-preprocessor and its features?

    What is object file?

    How can you access objectfile?

    What are strings?

    What are standard library string functions?

    How to find a given number is armstrong or not in "c"?

    What is structural language and procedural language with differences?

    What is the limitation of array of pointers to strings?

    What is the difference between structure and union?

    What is null macro?

    What is the difference between null macro and null pointer?

    What is data structure in c?

    How can we check whether the contents of two structure variables are same or not?

    What is file pointer and its working method?

    What is void pointer?

    How are pointer variables intialized?

    Will you add pointers together? Explain it?

    What is static function?

    What is the purpose of the main( ) function?

    How to write a program in c to print its own code?

    Difference between linker and linkage?

    What is meant by malloc function?

    How do you use a pointer to a function?

    Difference between pointer to function and function to pointer?

    How to convert decimal to octal and hexadecimal in c?

    What is a method?

    What is built-in function?

    What are the advantages of macro over a function?

    How to print a statement with out using printf( ) in c?

    What is the code to draw a three dimensional graph using c graphics?

    How to create a relation circular program using c?

    What is #line used for?

    What is an abstract class?

    What are the important features in c?

    What is a modular programming?
